Update typography.md (#137)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: docs/foundations/typography.md

## Typeface

> The Centrica Stabil Grotesk font is a typeface unique to British Gas. It has a clear, legible and elegant style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _British Gas_ font is a typeface unique to British Gas. It has a clear, legible and elegant style.
```

We fallback to `sans-serif` to allow the operating system to provide the substitute.

## Weights

> There are two weights of Centrica Stabil Grotesk; Medium or Book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two weights of _British Gas_; Medium or Body.
```
